Admin UI client bugfixes (#1027)
keystonejs/keystone-5: .changeset/15951916/changes.md

> - Internal changes only. Fixes bugs with toast notifications on item deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bugs with toast notifications on item deletion.
```
